hey guys it's Zach and Andrew here from
math Matthews comm and we're reviewing
Warhammer 40,000 kill team which is the
Xbox Live and PSN arcade-style game
for their big Warhammer Space Marine
that's gonna be really soon I don't know
the exact date should look that up Zach
say hello to everyone
hello everyone literally to do this we
played the first mission it's uh it's
pretty simple I mean it's would you call
it a duel what twin-stick shooter yeah
it's one stick shooter right so whatever
you're aiming at with the right joystick
is shooting and moving around so like I
talked down third person view you can
customize your characters kind of that's
kind of limited so you can play the
first mission with the trial if you just
download it but we already did that so
now we're gonna play one of the levels
that you can't play in the trial it's a
good game for 800 points I'm not exactly
sure what it is on PSN but about ten
bucks yeah - about ten dollars and it's
a pretty good game for ten dollars I
think what it is it's a marketing ploy
to try and get you - man we gotta pick
new characters so I can pick the same
they upgraded though
let me pick different things yeah okay
yeah so we still have all the stuff we
unlocked before anyway this is your
character customization screen so you
have a few options we picked this guy
what was it it's librarian okay
interesting and the Vanguard veteran
that's what I was so we'll pick the
freaks is what I'm gonna call this one
it looks so weird the other ones look
all cool and Knightly and these two look
like losers so we really get a big gun
there's not like a lot of story here but
what it is it's just kind of the further
you play in this the more specials you
unlock for Space Marines and all right
let's just get into this so okay so we
picked gun-happy characters last time
wasn't really theirs all the iron swords
so you can play this single player or go
off be really only difference is there's
nothing special you can do together
though healing healing is cut out so if
I pick up like health it'll heal back as
well every time I say your name I think
is AK Morris so here's an example of the
healing thing so just sanity and I guess
if I walk too far away
something nice about it is the special
attack which I'll do now cuz apparently
oh I think I just didn't mind yours okay
yeah I think it really fast there you go
and that's another nice little bonus is
a slow motion I'm sure you can tell it's
pretty simple as far as gameplay goes
there's not much not much to it you have
your gun you have your melee hope it you
have your few different types of enemies
your special power-ups it's very arkady
which is good i think that it's a nice
break from the extensive games i kind of
like the shut off the play game like
this is every once in a while and
especially when you're playing with
somebody else it's not so much alone but
co-op it's fun I've ever played this
game alone okay I get bored really yeah
it does does kind of what this is just
so you can lock special things in space
rain I think by being the first mission
we unlocked a special sword so if you're
gonna get that game and you're super
stoked about it you're a big war hammer
fan then you should probably get this
it's like ten bucks and it gives you a
bunch of extras you're one of those guys
that goes up but as a special edition
anyway are you one of those guys act
usually not yeah because honestly why I
don't care
well this but if like the collectibles
are good enough I guess but yeah it has
to be really good though I see something
really cool like not an art book even
though I don't we do like design I don't
want to like stay with Duke Nukem
Forever I mean despite the quality of
the game they did give you two Giants
brass balls I thought you're walking
away from me and I was like where's he
going yeah you get mixed up go no no
power swords
oh shit turns out you can fall off the
edge and just die okay well this is our
hosting audience at death so you die and
do respond apparently yeah is that it
like do I lost a shit ton of points I
think yeah I think oh you luck yeah yeah
either that or I've been sucking dad
this whole time it's a fun game what do
you think it was game so far well the
one thing I really liked is when we were
playing different characters in the
first level yeah when we leveled out our
level ups carried over for all
characters yeah that's really unlock new
weapons the new special whatever the
jiggers yeah and you can kind of
kajigger
yeah yeah I think it's too rigid up so
like yeah I'm you be heavy characters
and then we research the ranged
characters this time we're not penalized
just because we wanted to swing out
yeah that makes sense I do like that
actually it's kind of nice on the side
of bonuses there's not really that
it's kind of like the same thing just a
little bit better there's like Mele your
health that's strong you are special
yeah you're special I think that's it
just change up it upgrade so the first
one plus five the second one's plus ten
but again it's like a ten dollar games
which is really hard to be harsh on it
it's one of the very few games that's
run over his body it's one of the few
games that you can play split-screen and
I think I really enjoy that like too
often now you can't play games split
scram and run right into this because I
assume that's a good thing let's disable
it all right yeah no following spine
rows even power stars triangle thing the
map yes that's your indicator for where
to go to see I'm busy talking and you're
playing the game this is the I also have
more points than you so yeah I'm having
fun with it I think it's a good little
game for $10 and the fact that it lets
you unlock things through the Space
Marine game which also looks really cool
we should check that out I'll post the
trailer
website but it it seems worth 10 bucks I
don't I don't feel like I'd have any
problem spending me like the $10 on it
it is a fairly good quality ham $10 I
mean this is somebody I love the play in
their case so yeah exactly I could see
myself sitting down and playing this for
a little bit and so it had to be
something that like you would have a
friend GUI yeah this isn't something
you're going to unless you're hardcore
but wanting all the special little
things for Space Marine the game this
isn't necessarily gonna be something
you're gonna jump all over so I think
it's pretty decent I think it's worth
$10 Zak go more or less than dollars all
right recommend it